# Project for solve the Generalized Assignment Problem

This project implement a hybrid metaheuristic inspired by Scatter Search metaheuristic.
Implemented to run on a heterogeneous CPU-GPU platform. 
The proposed hybrid method includes a parallel implementation of the Tabu Search (TS) metaheuristic combined with a Binary Programming Pool Search (BPPS). 

## Getting Started

The project consists of 6 folders, the GTS and BPPS folders contain the source codes, and the other folders are auxiliary.

GTS: 
Contain the source code of the first phase of the method. The buildGTS.sh file is used to generate the GTS method executable file. The configGPU.h file is used to configure the maximum size of each eject chain, the number of threads, and the number of blocks to run on the GPU. 
The BPPS executable is executed using 5 parameters: instance name, maximum number of iterations, number of ejection chain generated by each thread execution, value of the best solutions found (optional, can substitute by 0), maximum execution time.
ex.: ./GTS a05100 10000 5 1698 10
It will run the a05100 instance using a maximum of 10000 iterations, each thread will execute 5 ejection chain at a time, the best solution found was 1698, maximum time of 10 minutes. When executing the method, they will generate 3 new files( Freq_*, Freq2_* and MIP_* ), which correspond to the residency matrix and the best solution for the solution pool.

BPPS:
Contain the source code of the second phase of the method. The build.sh file is used to generate the BPPS method executable file. The method uses as input the files generated by GTS (Fre_*, Freq2_* and MIP_*). The BPPS executable must be run using 3 parameters: instance name, Beta parameter and maximum time. The output is stored in the Solution folder.
ex.: ./BPPS a05100 1 2
It will run the instance a05100 using beta value of 1 using the maximum time of 2 minutes.

Instances: 
Set of instances of type A, B, C, D, E and G.

MIP:
Used to store the best solutions (the input solutions for BPPS) generated by the GTS. 

Residence:
Used to store the files with the values of the residence matrices generated by GTS and used in BPPS.

Solution:
Used to store the final solutions.

### Prerequisites

Graphic processing unit GPU.
CUDA
Gurobi 7.0.2


### Installing

You will need to install CUDA and Gurobi 7.0.2

## Running the tests

GTS:
	./GTS $name $iteration $nEjection $best $time
$name: instance name
$iteration: maximum number of iterations
$nEjection: number of ejection chain generated for thread.
$best: best solution found.
$time: maximum time.


BPPS:
	./BPPS $beta $time
$ Beta: beta parameter
$ Time: maximum time.
### Break down into end to end tests



### And coding style tests



## Deployment


## Built With

* [CUDA](http://docs.nvidia.com/cuda/cuda-installation-guide-linux/index.html#axzz4lQ0XxS1b)
* [GUROBI](http://www.gurobi.com/) 

## Contributing


## Versioning



## Authors



## License




